I would like to talk about the web application first off.

From the beginning of the second semester, the desktop application was largely
complete. I had been personally interested in having a web based application and
since there was a completed desktop version, this freed up the team to look at
other avenues, such as the web application.

The web application contains a subset of the most important functionality of the
desktop application: Viewing all divisions with elimination information and
moving through dates in the league.

The web application was a challenging part of the project with multiple
languages and applications involved to host and deliver content over the
Internet.

A major section of the project's future work is to add more of the desktop
functionality to the web application, including a date selector and downloadable
PDF of divisions, and to provide a more efficient method for generating data
from earlier in the league.

I would now like to show you a screen-shot of the web application...

The web application was designed to have a clean, clear layout with the as much
of the information `above the fold' of the page as possible. To ensure that this
is the case as, each table is initially hidden. Clicking the division name shows
the table information. This is similar to the desktop user interface with its
radio button selectors. The information displayed is stored in a database for
quick access of the most up to date information.

The `Previous Day' and 'Next Day' links allow the user to move through the
division information day-by-day. Information from earlier dates is generated on
demand from a jar file. The user can skip back to the most recent information by
using the link at the right hand side.

As mentioned before, the web application is a major part of the future work and
the aim is to add as much of the functionality of the desktop user interface as
possible.

..................................

During the project, three main lessons were learnt by the entire team. The first
is communication. Initially we had a fairly complex communication set-up using
many mediums. This proved ineffective and was laterally reduced to team meetings
and a FaceBook group.

The second was team leadership. We initially had a Laissez-faire approach to
team structure but this led to some minor issues. Having a team leader proved
helpful in ensuring all team members were up to date and had work to do.

Finally, was time management. Most of us are pretty comfortable with time
management on the scale of individual coursework however including a team
project in the mix was a new challenge and took a while to get used to.

There are three main summary items that make up our future work.

We are going to implement changes to resolve issues brought up from our user
evaluation for both the desktop and web application.

Also the web application implementation will be continued to add more
functionality.

Continue implementation of the binary first non-trivial elimination search as to
replace the linear version currently in use.

..................................

Overall our project has been a success. We were able to implement all of our
primary functionality, and even some of our extensions.

The project has been a fun and interesting learning experience. Taking
information from a research paper and some lecture slides, implementing it,
adding some real world data, and coming up with an application that has a real
life application has been very enjoyable and worthwhile.

Our user evaluation has been a success that supplied us with lots of informative
feedback that has allowed us to propose many changes to improve the user
experience.

Also, as recently discussed, the project has plenty of future work opportunities
available allowing us to take it further in our own time if desired.

..................................

We would now like to invite questions from the panel.

Thank you for listening.
